Human advancement knows no boundary.
But this has not been without its price.
NOTE This is a random note
Though we stand at the height of prosperity…
We need only look to the past to remember…
...That Nature is a power that cannot be ignored.
Slide 5
Consuming even the mightiest empires…
And causing the greatest among us
... to tremble in her fury.
Yet from adversity the human spirit endures…
This is a random note
That has multiple lines
Just in case this occurs
Finding ways to coexist with the Earth…
Or bend it to our cause.
NOTE This is also a version
of a multiline comment.
Pursuing a course beyond distant horizons...
and revealing paths…
...both towards innovation..
And unintended catastrophe.
Our survival necessitates new solutions to old problems.
To ensure a future both for ourselves and generations to come…
United in purpose, we must now look beyond borders.
And welcome the dawn of the next era in human civilization.